this weekend Disney had their biannual
d23 Expo it's an event they hold in
Anaheim the brightest start from the
Disney Marvel and Star Wars universe is
gathered to delight their fans and our
very own Guillermo was there among them
to interview the actors as only he can
and what way is that Guillermo back to
back that's right here is Guillermo back
to back at d23 I have a very important
question yes sir if you were Disney
Princess which one were you which one
would I be yes I want to wear a dress I
want to wear a wig I want to wear
lipstick and I want to be Belle oh I'd
like to be Ariel Ariel does the mermaid
yeah if I was I think I'd be a pretty
good looking mermaids so so you think
your fish is sexy you know I wouldn't go
that far but I also wouldn't disagree
it's okay if you have a fish thing he's
okay can you teach me to do the force
everyone has the potential to become a
Jedi Master
so do I do yoga and what do I do
joke is good I'm gonna guess who's the
next starter interview
aye sir
are you white Chris Evans no don't cheat
oh yeah which one is the worst
after you ever act with do you remember
when you and I did that thing that scene
that we did together and I had to slap
you with the fish you were pretty bad in
there wait a minute now me okay joke for
you
oh good knock knock who's there I I who
am your father
do you understand the joke do you die in
the movie I don't know I I don't know
okay I hope not
if you bleep you die in the movie I'm
gonna wash it very close
oh you die excuse evil we're gonna
pretend this is one of your movies well
who designed the crotch of your action
figure so we're gonna assume from the
movie okay okay all right you're so
beautiful
oh thank you so much I've been waiting
for this moment no no you Mary Poppins
doesn't make out with people no no
that's not what she does doesn't she
does in this movie and that Mexican
movie she done oh you you go first
because you in the movie why have you
come to my island or to have lunch with
you did you book in advance yes I make a
reservation two months ago
excellent hey Guillermo how are you I'm
doing great mr. oh cool cool no no
that's that's not my name my name is dr.
Steven strange
oh hi mister don't do it this scene is
just on the Dodger dr. yeah okay mister
doctor mister doctor is just doctor all
right mister doctor yeah we're getting
very close
I like this little head rub you've got
going oh my god a man I can't believe
him rubbing heads mmm
hi I'm gonna need someone to tell jokes
for a few days oh I can tell you our
joke yeah they want to tell me a joke
man for Mexican in a car who's driving
one of the Mexicans know that police
[Laughter]
back-to-back snack that sounds crazy but
I guess I'm here right yeah sure plus
you look a little hungry alright and you
take a bite this is this is worse than I
thought it was gonna be an American we
call it hot dog mmm what's really nice
oh yeah that's nice
not good you have the rest do you get
it's not happen I got some yeah it's
gluten-free yeah
exit survey got it one to five how many
stars do I get four good questions five
five good job how was my good questions
mmm - what
why are you - because they're any toy I
really understood what my volume your
volume yeah how was my body how many
stars do I get from my bar I'm gonna
give you like a three it was pretty
average I could hear you but it wasn't
anything to projected it was fine
what about my smell you smell delicious
okay you smell like happiness and pìkô
to God for a 15 you think Wow yeah good
great job yeah are you here can I give
you a kiss back-to-back kiss this is so
impossible what about my second section
is well I can only see you from behind
but I like what I saw
oh thank you man thank you very much
thank you you cutie patootie
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares